README.md, before:

# Puppet modules for managing Foreman

Installs Foreman as a standalone application or using apache passenger.
Installs Foreman Proxy

download the source code from <http://github.com/ohadlevy/puppet-foreman/tarball/master>

# Requirements

if you are using RHEL, EPEL repo must be enabled <http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/EPEL>

if you are using Debian (or Ubuntu), see the additional notes in README.debian

# Setup

Please review the variables under module/manifests/params.pp

Standalone installation:

to install foreman:

    echo include foreman | puppet --modulepath /path_to/extracted_tarball

to install both foreman and its proxy:

    echo include foreman, foreman_proxy | puppet --modulepath /path_to/extracted_tarball

if you just want to include the relavant bits to run on your puppet master you may

    include foreman::params, foreman::config::enc, foreman::config::reports

# Contributing

* Fork the project
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution

# More info

See http://theforeman.org or at #theforeman irc channel

Copyright (c) 2010-2011 Ohad Levy

This program and entire repository is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

basic puppet master support.
this includes:

puppet client configuration
puppet server configuration
passenger integeration

README.md, after:

# Puppet modules for managing Foreman

Installs Foreman as a standalone application or using apache passenger.
Installs Foreman Proxy
May install an example puppet master setup using passenger as well, including the tweaks required for foreman.

download the source code from <http://github.com/ohadlevy/puppet-foreman/tarball/master>

# Requirements

if you are using RHEL, EPEL repo must be enabled <http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/EPEL>

if you are using Debian (or Ubuntu), see the additional notes in README.debian

# Setup

Please review the variables under module/manifests/params.pp

Standalone installation:

to install foreman:

    echo include foreman | puppet --modulepath /path_to/extracted_tarball

to install both foreman and its proxy:

    echo include foreman, foreman_proxy | puppet --modulepath /path_to/extracted_tarball

if you just want to include the relavant bits to run on your puppet master you may

    include foreman::params, foreman::config::enc, foreman::config::reports

if you want to install it all on one box

    export MODULE_PATH="/etc/puppet/modules/common"
    mkdir -p $MODULE_PATH
    wget http://github.com/ohadlevy/puppet-foreman/tarball/master -O - |tar xzvf - -C $MODULE_PATH --strip-components=1
    echo include puppet, puppet::server, foreman, foreman_proxy | puppet --modulepath $MODULE_PATH

# Contributing

* Fork the project
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution

# More info

See http://theforeman.org or at #theforeman irc channel

Copyright (c) 2010-2011 Ohad Levy

This program and entire repository is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
